Containerized Docker Application Lifecycle - 05.3 (#10620)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/containerized-lifecycle-architecture/docker-devops-workflow/create-ci-cd-pipelines-azure-devops-services-aspnetcore-kubernetes.md

As shown in Figure 5-13, the first phase is the build/CI pipeline. In Azure DevOps Services you can create build/CD pipelines that will compile the code, create the Docker images, and push them to a Docker Registry like Docker Hub or Azure Container Registry.

![Browser view of Azure DevOps, Build process task definition.](media/build-ci-pipeline-azure-devops-push-to-docker-registry.png)

**Figure 5-13**. Build/CI pipeline in Azure DevOps building Docker images and pushing images to a Docker registry

The second phase is to create a deployment/release pipeline. In Azure DevOps Services, you can easily create a deployment pipeline targeting a Kubernetes cluster by using the Kubernetes tasks for Azure DevOps Services, as shown in Figure 5-14.

![Browser view of Azure DevOps, deploy to Kubernetes task definition.](media/release-cd-pipeline-azure-devops-deploy-to-kubernetes.png)

**Figure 5-14**. Release/CD pipeline in Azure DevOps Services deploying to a Kubernetes cluster

> [!Walkthrough] Deploying eShopModernized to Kubernetes:
>
> For a detailed walkthrough of Azure DevOps CI/CD pipelines deploying to Kubernetes, see this post: \

> ><https://github.com/dotnet-architecture/eShopModernizing/wiki/03.-How-to-deploy-your-Windows-Containers-based-app-into-Azure-VMs-(Including-CI-CD)>

Reviewer: That link doesn't work. Would it be this one instead?

```suggestion
><https://github.com/dotnet-architecture/eShopModernizing/wiki/03.-Publishing-your-Windows-Container-images-into-a-Docker-Registry>
```

Author: That's one problem with GitHub wikis, the name changes with the title!. It's actually another address, will fix it right away.
